Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Damn!
Your company really knows
how to find good locations!
This is so cool.
Chang. you used to work
in places like this all the time.
Don't you get scared?
Of course. I'm scared of your boss
if I mess up the scan.
For a freelancer like me.
not getting paid is scarier than ghosts.
It's done. Let's move on to the next spot.
Careful. coming through with the scanner.
Chang. have you read the file
about this house?
They say the owner was possessed.
He killed his family with a knife.
- There was blood everywhere.
- And the missing body?
Wasn't she some kind of artist?
She was his wife.
That was her studio.
She made clay dolls in there.
- Chang. don't go in there.
- It's fine.
Why don't we burn some incense
and pray first?
Are you scared of ghosts?
Well. I'm scared of my wife.
Today's our 10th wedding anniversary.
Let's finish the scan and call it a day.
Bring me the scanner. and don't drop it.
Chang.
What are you doing?
It's a very nice piece.
Here. hold it for me.
I found it in the kiln.
Hold it properly.
I'll scan it with my app.
Put it back.
- What did you do?
- I'm going back.
Ah-Yi!
Ah-Yi. hang in there.
I'll go get help. Hang on.
Ah-Yi.
Ah-Yi. you…
You're bleeding a lot.
I'll go get help.
Stay here.
Come here. Daddy's got you.
Daddy will rock you.
MOTHER'S DAY
This solvent stinks a bit.
Bear with me. little Pinny.
Mommy doesn't like the smell either.
Daddy. put on your slippers.
It's like walking into a minefield
when I come here.
- You're up early.
- Yeah.
You managed to soothe it so quickly today.
I held it and rocked it.
sang a song and it just…
I caught you again.
If our baby cries.
will you just remove the batteries?
- Can I?
- You could try.
Aren't you supposed to be resting?
Why did you take on a new project?
This piece just needs cleaning.
I thought I'd earn a bit extra
so you don't have to work overtime.
BEST PARTNERS: VR VIRTUAL REALITY
I'm optimistic my idea will be a hit.
Once my boss has approved it.
I'll get a promotion and a bonus.
No need for daycare then.
We'll send her
to the most expensive preschool.
I'm off.
You forgot something.
Today… two o'clock.
Don't forget.
BEST PARTNER PROPOSAL: REJECTED
UNCLEAR BUSINESS MODEL
EXECUTION POSTPONED
- Hsiao-Chao!
- Sorry.
Hsu-Chuan. what should we do?
We still don't have the data.
- No sign of Ah-Yi either.
- Found it?
Call the person who did the scan.
I'm not sure who Ah-Yi hired for that job.
The demo is ready.
Boss…
But. boss. if you could give us
another 30 minutes…
Yes. thank you. boss. See you then.
- Where's Ah-Yi?
- I don't know.
- Hsu-Chuan…
- I'm calling him.
We have a VR meeting later.
What's with those copies?
I only have…
Ah-Yi!
Hey!
Are you trying to give me a heart attack?
Did you bring the scan data?
Hsu-Chuan.
Come on. give me a hand.
This VR game is based
on an old murder case.
The Hsu family mystery.
For some unknown reason.
Hsu brutally killed his entire family
with a knife.
Then he committed suicide
by slitting his throat in a bizarre way.
Several days after the incident.
the neighbor noticed the smell
and called the cops.
The strangest part of the case
is that his wife's body...
Stop.
Didn't we agree
we would view the demo today?
Yes.
Damn. is the AC broken?
- Hsiao-Chao.
- Set the temperature to the lowest.
Mr. Chen. the wife I mentioned
was the famous clay sculptor Liu Hsin.
Run. quickly!
She's coming!
This is how a player feels
when they're being chased
by the scary characters we design.
Run. quickly…
Run. quickly!
Okay.
Take him to the hospital first.
How should I know if it's food poisoning?
Head back to the office
once he's admitted.
I know we're short-staffed.
I'll handle it.
Hey. Mr. Chen approved the project.
- I need your help with this.
- I…
You saw what happened to Ah-Yi.
- Well. I…
- I'll get you a bonus.
You'll be a dad soon.
You could use the extra money.
My Best Partner proposal…
- I've told you. It's not commercially...
- I know.
Just tell me why and I'll revise it.
That's my only condition.
Package for Mr. Chang Hsu-Chuan!
Honey.
Honey. honey. honey.
I'm so sorry.
I was so busy at work.
I forgot your checkup.
I'm sorry. I'm just dumb and careless.
So to make it up to you.
I strapped Pinny to my belly
when I went to the toilet.
then I bought dinner. and drove back.
Guess what I got for dinner.
Your favorite.
Sashimi.
I got salmon. marlin. and bluefin tuna.
Pregnant women can't eat raw food.
I had no choice.
my boss asked me to help him…
He said he'd give me a raise.
That restoration project in Rome…
- I didn't take it.
- What?
Why?
You're a rising star
in the restoration field. Ms. Hsu Mu-Hua.
I've thought it over.
I want to be present
as little Pinny grows up.
Her first smile. her first rollover.
I want to be there for her.
I know.
That's why I've applied
for parental leave.
Then I'll be able to keep you company.
Chang Hsu-Chuan.
Yes. my dear wife.
It's not about keeping us company.
It's about being together.
As a family.
Yeah.
Keeping you company
means being together. right?
It's not the same.
How's it not the same?
Here. your fully-cooked sashimi is ready.
Try it.
Careful. it's hot.
I believe soil is nature's
most mysterious material.
"Ashes to ashes. dust to dust."
That's what people say.
But their thoughts and desires
linger in the soil forever.
So. every piece of land
has a soul of its own.
When I look for those souls.
I hear them calling back to me.
ACCLAIMED CLAY SCULPTOR LIU HSIN
GO TO THE LIVING ROOM.
Mu-Hua.
Chang Hsu-Chuan!
You scared me and the baby.
Why did you set this up?
I just wanted to try it out.
You said we should be together.
Now I can turn it on anytime
to see you two.
Listen to me. little Pinny.
when you grow up.
you must stay away
from perverts like your daddy.
I'll get back to work.
Okay. I won't bother you again.
And quit peeking.
AUTO TRACKING
You explore some religious taboos
in your work.
You even use graveyard soil
in your creations.
- Any thoughts on that?
- We all have our own beliefs and values.
Time turns taboos into traditions.
And it turns traditions into taboos too.
But in the end. art is eternal.
You're working late today.
Try to get some sleep. okay?
Honey.
I made you a late-night snack.
Do you want it now?
Honey?
Honey.
I'm sorry.
- You okay?
- You scared little Pinny.
Sorry.
Here…
Are you all right?
I just fell asleep.
It's that the project you're working on?
Yeah. That's the one.
I must go to the art gallery tomorrow
to get the authorization form
for the sculpture.
DISMEMBERMENT CASE
LIU HSIN REMAINS MISSING
You know. she went to the same college
before me.
- Did she? Really?
- Yeah.
I don't know what happened.
How could such a good family
end up like this?
What's wrong?
Why are you crying?
I've been really emotional lately.
Don't laugh at me.
It's okay.
- Honey.
- Yes?
Promise me…
If something happens to our family.
you must save little Pinny first.
Didn't I promise
to save your mom first last time?
Quit teasing your pregnant wife.
Promise me.
Daddy will save you both.
Cheater.
I've got something to show you.
The little Pinny you drew?
Isn't she cute?
- She's so ugly.
- What do you mean?
Why is she blonde? Whose kid is this?
I thought it was trendy.
No. she looks just like you.
Right…
Why are you kicking Mommy again?
It's okay.
Mu-Hua.
Chang Hsu-Chuan.
Clay doll
A clay baby doll
She has eyebrows
And eyes too
But her eyes cannot blink
Clay doll
A clay baby doll
She has a nose
And a mouth too
But she cannot speak
Honey.
Did you turn the AC off when you got up?
It was so hot.
I woke up drenched in sweat.
Next time let me…
Honey?
You're not feeling well?
I think I caught a cold.
I threw up several times last night.
- Why didn't you wake me up?
- I tried. but you wouldn't wake up.
Sorry.
Okay. I'll wake up next time.
I thought you didn't eat offal.
Pork liver.
Actually. pork liver is good for you
and for the baby too. you know?
It's good. isn't it?
Honey.
Are you all right?
It was hot and you ate too fast.
What? No one forced you to eat that fast.
AUTHOR: LIU HSIN
Hi there.
What you see here is a Taoist talisman.
My sister had a unique view on clay.
She believed all living things
eventually return to the soil.
And their emotions and spirits
are contained within that soil.
So she etched talismans on the clay dolls
to seal those emotions inside them.
Some people say she did it
to ward off evil spirits.
They criticized her
saying it was a trick to seek fame.
I think she did it to protect her works.
By the way. Ms. Liu.
I'm Chang Hsu-Chuan
from Dreamland Entertainment.
I came for the authorization form.
Sure. Please wait a moment.
Ms. Liu.
our company really values this project.
Please rest assured
we'll do our best to make it perfect.
Even though it's been years.
I still want to know
what happened to my sister.
Maybe this game will lead
to a renewed interest in the case.
We may get new clues.
If you find out anything.
please let me know right away.
Of course.
Thank you.
Hsiao-Chao.
I want to go back to the site
to check something.
Put it back.
Put the doll back.
- What?
- You hurt me.
Well. what do you think?
Will these old horror clichés work?
It's terrifying once you add
the scene scan.
Wasn't the use
of Liu Hsin's image forbidden?
What? Our legal team already told us that.
We removed her image last week.
What? Then…
Wait.
Did we really scan a ghost at the scene?
This project really feels cursed.
I heard the scanner operator. Chang.
has been missing.
That's because you…
Don't be scared. Pinny.
Mommy's here.
Blood.
Give me blood.
BEST PARTNER - PROPOSAL REVISION
A GAME FOR FAMILY BONDING…
Hsu-Chuan. the scene file is corrupted.
Where?
Clay doll
A clay baby doll
She has eyebrows
And eyes too
But her eyes cannot blink
We checked it again just now.
A large part of the kiln scene
is corrupted.
- Could it be the scanner was broken?
- Not sure.
Even if it was. it shouldn't look
like this from every angle.
Can this be restored?
This is what I've restored.
but many glitches require manual fixing.
- Manually?
- Yeah.
How long do you need?
At least a week.
This is due next Wednesday.
We don't have a week.
Send me the files. and check the B-roll.
- Find something we can use.
- Okay.
It took me a lot of effort to get it.
Be careful.
Don't break it.
Hey. what are you doing?
I only need this. You can have that back.
You little rascal.
It's an antique after all.
Can't you treat it with the same care
as a talisman?
I can't help it. I wasn't raised well.
Your dad used to say
talismans are meant to save people.
But he suffered all his life
because of them.
You follow in his footsteps
and you're exactly like him.
How about this? Let me read your fortune.
Maybe it'll help you find
the next talisman.
The Abyssal Hexagram.
Honey. I'm home.
Honey? Why didn't you pick up the phone?
I brought some snacks.
Honey.
Did you repair that doll
I brought home with me?
Aren't you working on something else?
What are you…
What are you doing?!
The AC seems to be broken.
I'm really tired. I just want to sleep.
Can you stop being so selfish?!
- I'm just checking it.
- I'm not feeling well.
I'm really uncomfortable.
Okay…
Stop scratching your belly.
Honey.
Please stop.
Hsu Mu-Hua!
SUDDEN MOOD SWINGS DURING PREGNANCY
HOW HORMONES AFFECT EMOTIONS
You fought with your wife?
We went to the ER after that.
The doctor said it's likely stress
caused by pregnancy.
Lately. my wife's been…
Acting strange.
When my wife was pregnant.
our home was a real mess too.
Do you know what I did to relax back then?
I worked overtime.
Once. I stayed working till very late.
I thought my wife would be furious.
But when I got home. she wasn't mad.
She was just sitting on the sofa. crying.
And she said something I'll never forget.
She said.
"I know I'm annoying
and you don't like it."
"but there's someone living inside me now."
"Just be with me
and let's figure this out together."
Maybe those ten months of pregnancy
aren't just about waiting
for the baby to grow.
It's also about me growing up.
Don't worry.
Your kid will teach you how to grow up.
Oh. right.
My wife got you this amulet from a temple.
We wish you a smooth delivery.
Thanks.
Good luck. rookie dad.
XUANZHENG TEMPLE
B-ROLL FOOTAGE
What are you doing?
It's a very nice piece.
Here. hold it for me.
- What did you do?
- I'm going back.
AH-YI
Ah-Yi.
The clay doll…
Get a Taoist priest to deal with it…
- What did you say?
- Help…
Ah-Yi?
Hello?
Ah-Yi.
Help me…
Save me…
Ah-Yi.
Hsu-Chuan.
The clay doll.
Help me.
- Help me! Please!
- Ah-Yi!
Ah-Yi!
The clay doll…
On its back…
The Abyssal Hexagram represents
a future filled with great danger.
But the oracle says.
"With a sincere heart. the path opens."
DEFEAT THE EVIL
Stay righteous and be brave
in the face of danger.
You'll gain something positive from it.
BINDING
Mr. Chang. your colleague
has been taken to the hospital.
But as the only witness.
we'll need your statement.
Please try to recall what happened.
Did he say anything to you?
He wasn't making any sense.
He begged me to save him.
He said something
about the back of a clay doll…
The clay doll…
On its back…
The talisman.
Blood.
Give me blood.
Body.
Give me the body.
Blood.
Mu-Hua.
XUANZHENG TEMPLE
Mr. Chang. this talisman is quite unusual.
What do you mean?
This talisman was written
using ancient Taoist characters.
Talismans written that way
are usually very powerful.
or contain secret techniques
unknown to outsiders.
Also…
Some characters are missing here.
Master Li.
do you know anyone
who might be able to help?
The situation is urgent.
My wife is…
In a bad shape.
I know someone.
Maybe he can help you.
All right. a hint for your final exam.
Write me a better
teacher evaluation later.
It'll make things easier for me
and for you.
Here.
Pick one.
Didn't you say you've been losing?
Why keep playing?
You know what being a real gambler means?
A real gambler keeps playing
to the bitter end.
You've probably heard about talismans.
Like the ones you see in temples
for protection. peace. and wealth.
But talismans aren't all the same.
Aren't they just scribbles in red ink?
Talismans are used to save people.
They're not some random scribbles.
For example.
This type that you can read
is called a "mortal talisman."
Head. body. mind. feet.
Its writing follows strict rules.
You can think of it as an tool
to borrow power from the gods.
The other type is like this one.
Harder to understand.
More abstract.
It's called a "primordial talisman."
It doesn't have a fixed structure.
But every character carries its own power.
Each stroke contains a magic force.
and it cannot be replaced.
Excuse me.
If the talisman is incomplete.
does it lose its power?
Let's just say a primordial talisman
is a bit temperamental.
Each missing character weakens its power.
Like missing numbers on a lottery ticket.
You go from first prize to second. third…
And finally… no prize.
Can we know what's missing
based on the remaining characters?
- Master. Please help me.
- I only get paid by the hour.
- Go find someone else.
- But Master Li sent me to you.
Please…
If this is about possession.
go find a medium or a priest.
- Just take a look at this talisman.
- Fine. So annoying.
Hey.
Where did you get this?
This primordial talisman is ancient.
It's called a "binding talisman."
- It's used to seal away evil spirits.
- Seal away?
Why would you seal them away?
Spirits aren't that simple.
Some of them are vicious.
You can't destroy them or drive them away.
All you can do is seal them away.
by trapping them in a vessel.
- Like the clay doll?
- Yeah.
The more human like the vessel is.
the easier for it to be possessed.
But ideal for trapping spirits.
Master. do you know
how to complete this talisman?
- Let's use it to seal…
- Don't call me "master."
My name is Ah-Sheng.
As for sealing the spirit back in…
We can only take our chances.
Go get her.
You stepped on salt and lasted this long.
Honey.
All right.
Let's see who wins.
Five Thunders descend from heaven.
The spell awakens. The talisman shines.
Silence the curse. Transform the flame!
Bind the spirit.
Transfer!
It refuses to come out.
I think I almost got possessed yesterday.
- Maybe because I touched that doll.
- It's not that easy to get possessed.
Specific conditions have to be met
for a spirit to possess someone.
Mu-Hua.
Break!
This is how you seal a spirit away?
What a mess!
We should be able to hold it back for now.
How long has that clay doll
been in your house?
How can I get my wife back?
Spirits that feed on blood
are not easy to deal with.
Spill one drop of blood.
and they'll possess you.
I guessed the wrong talisman.
but it still has some power.
Just not enough.
so it broke free after seconds.
Judging by what's missing in the talisman.
there are dozens of possible variations.
Then we try them one by one.
The spirit that possessed your wife
wants to take over her body.
- What?
- You heard me.
Once some evil spirits have found
a suitable body. they take over.
- Usually after seven days...
- Last Wednesday.
I brought it home last Wednesday.
and she started acting weird the next day.
So. by sunrise tomorrow.
it'll be the seventh day.
After that. your wife won't come back.
- Can't you send it somewhere else?
- Listen. man.
It's not that simple.
She has something the spirit…
She just repaired the doll. That's all!
Repaired?
The spirit chose someone who knew
how to remove the talisman on the doll.
How could it be so evil?
Do you know how this doll was made?
Where did you find this?
Why didn't you bring it before?
It's complicated. My wife's possessed
by the spirit it contained.
The spirit?
You wanted to know what happened
to your sister? This may be the answer.
Ms. Liu.
you want the truth about your sister.
and he wants to trace the doll's origin
to save his wife.
I've got an idea.
Maybe we can find the answers to both.
Let's do it before it's too late.
Follow my chanting speed.
- Not too fast. not too slow.
- Yes.
Tai Shang Star of Heaven keep responding.
Spirit leave the body
and enter the underworld.
Tai Shang Star of Heaven keep responding.
Spirit leave the body
and enter the underworld.
Remember. when I pull the string.
you must turn back.
If the incense stick burns out.
you'll be stuck there.
Sis.
Sis!
Don't go any further
or you'll be taken away.
I'm sorry.
Wait for me. baby.
Clay doll
A clay baby doll
She's a doll
Not a real baby
She has no daddy who loves her
And no mommy either
What did you see?
My sister…
She put her dead fetus
into the clay and made it into a doll.
Souls in the graveyard soil.
shaped by fire.
When she added fetal blood and flesh.
it turned the souls in the soil
into evil spirits.
Honey!
Honey…
My sister…
She killed her husband.
She killed the whole family.
She was possessed.
We don't have much time.
What happens next?
Clay doll
A clay baby doll
I'll be your daddy
I'll be your mommy
I'll love you forever
Sis!
Sis. don't!
Hsu-Chuan. hold her tight.
Sis.
These spirits were forged
from graveyard soil.
No wonder they're so evil.
- They?
- Yeah.
It's not just one.
There were many souls in that soil.
Can we seal them away?
We have no choice. Let's go.
We must find Liu Hsin's body quickly.
To trap an evil spirit.
you need not only a powerful binding
talisman but also a proper vessel.
According to ancient texts.
a human body could be used to bind
evil spirits. ghosts. and demons.
It means that a human body
is more powerful than a clay doll.
We must find Liu Hsin's body
and seal the spirits in it.
or they'll keep feeding
on your wife's blood and get stronger.
Is there another way if we don't?
You don't wanna know.
Did she see where Liu Hsin was?
According to her. Liu Hsin buried herself
behind the kiln wall.
Along with the doll.
- What are you doing?
- It's almost dawn.
If you go there and get possessed.
your whole family will be lost.
I will hold out
until the incense burns out.
After that. it will be almost dawn.
Keep an eye on your wife.
This will protect you if they get close.
Finding the binding talisman
is important to me too.
CELESTIAL MASTER'S RESIDENCE. MOUNT LONGHU
Ah-Sheng.
I think I can help you.
The layout's complicated.
Let's go upstairs.
The Buddha hall is up there.
and the kiln room is behind it.
Even a god statue got shattered like this.
How much blood did they consume?
- What did you say?
- I said… this won't be easy.
Let's go. Time is running out.
What's wrong?
I died.
I need to restart. You there?
- I'm on the spot where you died.
- Okay.
Stick to the plan. I'm coming to find you.
You said there were many variations.
So. even if we find her body.
we may not be able to trap the spirits.
Yeah.
My coworker did a scene scan for the game
the day he found the clay doll.
It's identical to the house.
Get to the point. It's almost dawn.
The scene was fully scanned.
It means the doll and its broken pieces
were scanned too.
The broken pieces should have
the talisman's missing part.
So we split up.
You find Liu Hsin's body
in the real world.
And I enter the game
to find the missing pieces.
Then we piece them together
to reveal the full talisman.
Only then can we seal the spirits away
before sunrise.
Nice party.
Have you reached the storage room?
I'm in the room with lots of ugly dolls.
Yes. that's it.
Walk to the end and turn left.
That passage leads to the kiln room.
Trying to possess me?
You brought this upon yourselves.
Five Thunders descend from heaven.
Qi to destruction. Break!
What a convenient place to die.
I've found Liu Hsin.
Found the missing pieces?
I'm still looking.
Bear with me a little longer.
We checked it again just now.
A large part of the kiln scene
is corrupted.
- Could it be the scanner was broken?
- Not sure.
Even if it was. it shouldn't look
like this from every angle.
Put it back.
Put the doll back.
Ashes to ashes. that's everyone's fate.
The incense hasn't burned out yet.
It can't burn out.
Ah-Sheng.
I found the talisman.
Ah-Sheng!
My wife is gone.
Damn it. I told you to keep an eye on her!
Ah-Sheng!
Open the door!
Find something…
Break the door open now!
Use the talisman!
Hsu…
Hsu-Chuan.
I've found the missing piece.
Honey!
- Honey!
- Hsu-Chuan.
Honey.
Mu-Hua.
you're back.
I feel so sick.
I know.
Let's fight together.
Don't give up.
Look…
Little Pinny.
The little Pinny you drew?
Isn't she cute?
- She's so ugly.
- What do you mean?
- Why is she blonde?
- I thought it was trendy.
We're a family.
Together.
Together as a family.
Hsu-Chuan!
Hold her tight!
Five Thunders descend from heaven.
- The spell awakens.
- Honey!
Silence the curse.
Honey.
We can't use a dead body.
They've grown too strong
after feeding on her blood.
Honey. the baby.
It's not your wife.
They want to be reborn through the baby.
What are you doing?
- We must seal them inside the baby.
- No!
There must be another way!
Honey. save little Pinny.
We're out of time.
I can still save your wife.
There has to be another way.
- I'll save them both.
- Save Pinny.
It's almost dawn. You'll lose them both!
Please…
I want to save them both.
Please.
There has to be another way.
You're out of time.
To trap an evil spirit.
you need not only a powerful binding
talisman but also a proper vessel.
Is there another way?
Evil spirits and souls from graveyard soil
can only be sealed inside living bodies.
Ah-Sheng!
Hsu-Chuan!
Hsu-Chuan. no!
No.
Don't do it.
No!
Seal them in now!
No.
Hsu-Chuan.
Blood.
Give me the body.
I want the body.
The baby's body.
Hsu-Chuan!
Stab her!
Hsu-Chuan. don't.
Hsu-Chuan. don't!
I'm Mu-Hua!
Stab her!
Honey.
Hsu-Chuan.
Don't give up.
We're a family.
Together.
Hsu-Chuan!
Ah-Sheng! Now!
Ah-Sheng!
Didn't you say talismans save lives?
Seal them in now!
No…
Five Thunders descend from heaven.
Three Fires ignite and transform
into 10.000 forms.
- The spell awakens. The talisman shines.
- No!
Chang Hsu-Chuan! Come back!
Cleanse the flame. Silence the curse.
Seal them in!
Little Pinny…
She will grow up healthy.
"Once upon a time.
there was an old carpenter."
"He dreamed that one day
he'd make his own puppet."
"One day. he began to work."
"Carving the wood little by little…"
"Suddenly."
"the puppet blinked."
"It smiled at him and said."
"'Dad.'"
Dad.
Package for Ms. Hsu Mu-Hua.
DREAMLAND ENTERTAINMENT
Smells so good.
Lunch's ready.
Fully cooked sashimi.
No need for the steak to be well-done.
Little Pinny is six months old.
Now she can roll over.
And…
I taught her
to say "Dad."
She's too little. She can't talk yet.
I miss you so much.
So. so much.
I'm always with you.
Linked to your phone and computer.
I update them every day.
I'll watch little Pinny grow up
and I'll watch you grow old.
I'll hold your hand forever.
Keep you company…
Oh. I mean…
We'll be together.
BINDING
STEALING SOUL - BORROWING LIFE
RESURRECTION
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm